Retire C# 7.0 what's new (#27112)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/async/cancel-an-async-task-or-a-list-of-tasks.md

}
```

> The updated `Main` method is now considered an [Async main](../../../whats-new/csharp-version-history.md#c-version-70), which allows for an asynchronous entry point into the executable. It writes a few instructional messages to the console, then declares a <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task> instance named `cancelTask`, which will read console key strokes. If the <kbd>Enter</kbd> key is pressed, a call to <xref:System.Threading.CancellationTokenSource.Cancel?displayProperty=nameWithType> is made. This will signal cancellation. Next, the `sumPageSizesTask` variable is assigned from the `SumPageSizesAsync` method. Both tasks are then passed to <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WhenAny(System.Threading.Tasks.Task[])?displayProperty=nameWithType>, which will continue when any of the two tasks have completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated `Main` method is now considered an [Async main](../../../../fundamentals/program-structure/main-command-line.md#async-main-return-values), which allows for an asynchronous entry point into the executable. It writes a few instructional messages to the console, then declares a <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task> instance named `cancelTask`, which will read console key strokes. If the <kbd>Enter</kbd> key is pressed, a call to <xref:System.Threading.CancellationTokenSource.Cancel?displayProperty=nameWithType> is made. This will signal cancellation. Next, the `sumPageSizesTask` variable is assigned from the `SumPageSizesAsync` method. Both tasks are then passed to <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task.WhenAny(System.Threading.Tasks.Task[])?displayProperty=nameWithType>, which will continue when any of the two tasks have completed.
```
